I'm gonna pull this car
over for expired tags.
It left from a
known drug location.
There's a lot of
movement in the car.
You want to 10-18?
How are you doing?
All right.
Put your hands up
on here for me.
How are you all doing?
Can you roll the
window down for me?
Huh?
Can you roll the
window down for me?
I'm a deputy from the
Sheriff's Department.
I pulled you over because
your plates are expired
on the tags-- on your car.
[horn honks]
Oh.
Hold on.
Do you have your
driver's license on you?
Whose car is this?
OK.
Do you have any guns
or anything on you?
- No, sir.
- OK.
Hop out.
Do you have any weapons
on you, partner?
No, sir.
Spin around.
Your tags are expired.
I need to talk to
you for a second.
Can you just hang up the
phone so I can talk to you?
I gotta call you right back.
Open your mouth for me.
There ain't nothing in there.
Open your mouth.
I'ma give it to you.
I swear to god.
Ask them what I do.
I was picking my
teeth with plastic.
- Open your mouth.
- I'm about to do it.
There's nothing in there.
Open your mouth.
It's a piece of plastic.
- Spit it out.
- Look.
It's an empty piece of plastic.
There was nothing in there.
6-9.
- There was nothing in there.
- You're just being detained.
You're not under arrest.
OK?
OK.
There was nothing in there.
We're going to have a K9
come over here and see
if we can get a hit on the car.
The quicker we get
this done, the quicker we
can get on our way, so--
You're not going to give me--
you want me to run the dog?
- Get it out of the way, sir.
- OK.
Huh?
Oh, my gosh.
Took the seat off.
He bit it off
So the dog positively alerted
on the vehicle, as we can see.
And we're going to
search the vehicle,
and any remnants
inside, and try and find
some sort of narcotics, or what
the cause of the alert was.
That would be why my dog bit.
No, it's not.
Yes it is.
Listen, that's
a laxative, sir.
You're going to
want to test that.
Test it.
It's a laxative, I swear to god.
Look at it.
It's too gritty.
That's a laxative, sir.
Looks like a
sawed-off shotgun, here.
And it's loaded.
12 gauge.
You're free to go.
You're under arrest,
and you're under arrest.
The backseat passenger, he
didn't have anything on him.
He was released.
The front passenger,
he went for the gun
that was up under the seat.
And then the driver has
warrants, and is prohibited
from being around firearms.
He's going for that, as well.
The bag that was in
his mouth, I think
it was some sort
of ecstasy or MDMA,
because he started
sweating really bad.
He was very jittery.
We're going to
test the substance,
and see if we can
identify what it is.
[dramatic music]
We got some
apartments over here,
pretty infested with some
drug activity, gang activity.
We just had a shooting
out here the other night.
We got one walking
in a white t-shirt.
I'm gonna go around
to the other side.
We got one cutting through
this building, right here.
I'm gonna get over.
Right now, for you.
Why are you coming
from up there?
I live over here.
OK.
I thought there was a
cut through here, to get
to the store right there.
Oh, to get to the store?
OK.
All right.
Who are you looking for?
Were you smoking
weed, just now?
No.
There was, uh, a black
guy that was over there.
He was smoking weed.
Where was he at?
He went through
that neighborhood.
OK.
You don't have
anything on you, right?
- No, no, no.
- Yeah.
I can smell it coming off you.
Come here.
- No, it's not coming off me.
Kelly, you want to
check her real quick?
I'm gonna go check that.
Oh, lord, are y'all serious?
Hey, check her.
Do you have anything
on you, ma'am?
Yes or no?
No.
Stop.
OK.
Please do not grab me like that.
Well, when I ask
you to stop, then--
I don't have
nothing in my pockets.
--that means stop.
Yeah, you do.
That's nothing.
That's a cigarette.
Mmm, smells like weed to me.
No, that's a cigarette.
Smells like weed to me.
Did you get it?
What am I being arrested for?
You're not being
arrested, ma'am.
You're being
detained, right now.
For what?
- I'm gonna ask you a question.
- What's the question?
- It's a simple question.
- Yes?
Do you smoke weed?
I don't smoke weed.
We can smell it-- listen.
We smelled it coming off of you
when you walked down the hill.
There was a black
guy that was--
he went right through
that neighborhood.
Did he put this
in your pocket?
I don't know what he did.
He was right here.
He was--
Did he put this in--
He was trying to fondle me.
Right there.
And I said, boy, you
better leave me alone.
I'm going to see my boyfriend.
I'm trying to find the
best cut through here.
You got dope on you.
You got--
We saw you walking down
the hill all by yourself.
Yeah, she put it
out right there.
He went over there.
Right over by that
mailbox, right there.
I'm just being detained.
I'd like to be released,
unless I've committed a crime.
No.
You know what?
You're under arrest.
For what?
Loitering for purpose of
narcotics and possession
of marijuana.
- I don't have any narcotics.
You got marijuana.
That-- that's not mine.
Where did it come from?
I told you, it was that
black guy with the dreads.
All right, cool.
Why don't you work
on real criminals?
They need to come--
You're out here smoking
dope around these kids.
You see what type of
police work they're doing.
They don't even go after
the real criminals.
Seriously.
I haven't committed a crime.
- Walk.
- I'm telling you right now.
I have not committed a crime.
Walk.
Do not use force on me.
You understand me, [bleep].
I'm not, trust me.
[bleep] [bleep] [bleep]
Look at this [bleep],, man!
Hey-- uh-uh, don't run up.
There was a black guy that
was selling weed back there,
and they arrested me.
Hey, come here.
I'll talk to you.
Come here.
Come here, man.
You know her?
Hey-- hey, check this out, man.
She was up top of the
hill, smoking a blunt.
There was nobody with her.
She was up there smoking
a roach of marijuana.
And then she gonna
make up this game.
We were watching
her the whole time.
There wasn't nobody around her.
She's got the weed
in her pocket.
She shouldn't be out
here smoking marijuana.
So she's gonna take that ride.
And had she not turned
it the way she turned it,
she would've been given a ticket
and got bounced out of here.
But because she started
acting the way she did,
we've got to take her.
There's just no way.
So-- she'll be out in
a couple hours, though.
I feel like I'm being
persecuted for being
white in a black neighborhood.
Really.
Seriously.
I mean, this is
reverse discrimination.
Reverse discrimination
in Richland County.
I thought Lexington
County was bad,
but they do not do this
[bleep] like over in Richland.
I saw y'all doing
your police work.
I walked the opposite way.
Because I didn't want
to disturb y'all.
Because I have respect
for what you're doing,
and I appreciate it.
But when you go about
doing business like this,
this is ridiculous.
I got first amendment rights.
I have a right to speak my mind.
If you check for footprints,
you will notice footprints
leaving from there of a man.
And if you check that
neighborhood right there,
you'll see that
somebody left the scene.
OK.
And so you're arresting
the wrong person.
OK.
It was in your pocket,
in your possession.
Sir, I can't help--
You're being charged
with the possession.
Of what?
The marijuana that
was in your pocket.
What?
How much marijuana
is in there, sir?
What is that?
I was told it was a cigarette.
That's all I know.
You were told it
was a cigarette?
So you put cigarette
butts in your pocket?
Yeah, I do-- when
I'm running low.
She gonna go for
at least loitering
and then for possession
of that marijuana.
And all this drama
for no reason.
I'll buy you breakfast
one day, Brown.
I forgive you, man.
She probably would've
walked away with a ticket,
had she not started
screaming all that stuff.
[sirens blaring]
[engine accelerating]
We got a call for shots fired.
We're just gonna go out there
and see what we can find.
[dramatic music]
[radio chatter]
Look for any--
[knocks on door]
[exhales]
[knocking continues]
Oh.
Hey, Hardy.
Richland County
Sheriff's Department!
424 Amherst Ave. Suspect down.
Send an ambulance.
Two down.
Sheriff's Department!
Hey!
Show me your hands!
Show me your hands, right now!
Who else is in the house?
Who else is in here?
Um, just me and a roommate.
Stop right there,
and don't move.
Everybody OK?
I just want to--
Can you-- are you
good back there?
Good.
All right.
Walk this way.
Is he OK?
He's just on the
ground, right now.
We're going to check him out.
Step over.
- Is he OK?
Please--
- Step-- step over.
- Step outside, ma'am.
Step over.
What the [bleep] is going on?
We're figuring it out,
right now, but in the--
What the [bleep] is going on?
So you didn't hear
anything going on in there?
[sobbing] No.
Until we get
things figured out,
I'm just going to have
you sitting in the car.
It's safer there.
OK?
[sobbing]
Have a seat.
Those guys that
are in the house--
OK.
--who are they to you?
My roommates.
Your roommates?
How many roommates,
total, do you have?
Two.
We got-- we got
two down inside.
What?
Uh--
She been hit, or--
No, she-- she was asleep,
apparently, through the whole
thing, in the back room.
Please tell me they're OK.
So we're figuring
that out now.
OK?
You didn't hear anything?
You don't know anything?
No.
You don't know anybody that
they might be enemies with?
They were--
I thought they were
arguing for a short second,
but I thought they got over it.
[siren approaching]
There was a bunch of green
plant material on the ground
that we believe to be marijuana.
It could have possibly been
a bad drug transaction.
We're still figuring
that out, right now.
What do you got inside?
We got two individuals
that are on the ground,
apparent gunshot wounds.
Unresponsive.
The last I saw,
EMS was doing CPR.
Both of them had guns
right in their reach.
The dude behind the door
still had the gun in his hand,
finger on the trigger.
EMS-- they came in
and performed CPR.
After checking for a
pulse, checking for life,
found out they were deceased.
So we have two individuals
that are deceased
right now inside the home.
[dramatic music]
So we're just about ready
to pull up on a shoplifting,
largely in progress.
Got an update that the
individual is still inside.
Said all black.
How's it going?
Him, right here?
Yeah.
We-- we have a camera.
Get your hands out
your pockets, bud.
In the video.
I can show you on the
camera what he did.
I work hard for my money.
I work hard-- 12
hours, seven days.
And I don't take nobody money.
I don't want to be--
I don't-- I don't want nobody
take money or my stuff.
Why you not asking me?
I would give it to you!
I understand that.
I understand that now.
Sometimes you--
I'm sorry.
I'm not trying to be no trouble.
You didn't know
it was like that?
You didn't know it was
illegal to take something
that don't belong to you
and put it in your pocket,
and try to-- no.
Don't apologize to me, sir.
You--
I could show you
the camera, right now.
I mean, from both sides.
He grabbed two sausage from
here, and go to the back,
put them in the back.
And he come back, take--
take two of these--
take two of these, and put
one back, and one behind him.
If he want to go to jail for
$4 candy, sometime he ask me.
I give him a dollar.
You not worth it,
go to jail for $4.
If you ask me, I would pay you.
I would-- I would
give you a credit.
No.
You steal my [bleep],, you're
gonna go to jail for it.
Did you come here
to steal that--
- Yes, sir.
- Why did you do that?
Why did you do that?
That whole day, I'm working
at [muted],, walking around.
Well, understand that--
I'm going to-- I
gotta ask him again.
OK?
But he said he wanted
to press charges.
All right?
So with that being said,
you're going to be placed
under arrest for larceny.
For petty larceny.
OK?
I'll be right back.
All right.
Watch your feet.
I give him money.
No problem.
Oh, it's-- it's too late, sir.
I can't-- I can't un-arrest
somebody, unfortunately.
I know.
Just he-- he go--
Yes, sir.
[non-english speech]
- You need to come out?
You can come out.
Let's stand off to the side.
Um, I understand.
I really do.
I understand what you--
what you mean by that.
OK?
But since a crime
has been committed,
and he said that he
wants to press charges,
I can't un-arrest somebody.
OK?
So maybe-- you know, hopefully--
Well, that's your right,
and you'd have to talk
to the judge about that.
OK?
But right now, I--
I can't change that.
OK?
So unfortunately,
it is what it is.
OK?
All right.
Yeah.
You got it.
Yep.
We're not in the
business of un-arresting.
It doesn't-- it
doesn't work that way.
So unfortunately, I
wish they would've
said that sooner, for his sake.
He doesn't have a
bad criminal record.
He just seems to be
in a bad situation.
He just made a bad
decision today.
[sirens blaring]
[radio chatter]
Headed to a incident
where an individual
shot into a residence.
One of the projectiles actually
went through the garage door.
The caller stated she
heard three gunshots.
Smells like gunpowder here.
[dog yapping]
Hey.
How you doing, ma'am?
Did you call?
Yes, I called.
I heard, like, pop pops.
Did you hear where they
might be coming from?
Like, over there?
Over there?
I-- I don't know exactly
where it was coming from,
because when I-- the garage
door was closed, and I was
getting things out of my car.
OK.
And I just didn't
know what hit the door.
You know?
- OK.
So it hit this garage
door, over here?
Yes, sir.
That's what I heard
the sound from.
OK.
[dramatic music]
I can see where the
bullet hit the brick.
But again, you don't
know exactly where they
might have been coming from?
No, sir.
I don't know.
OK.
All right.
That's good.
What are you doing
coming from back there?
Your front door?
Where are you headed to?
Go ahead and
turn around for me.
Keep your hands out your pocket.
Come here.
What's in your
front right pocket?
What's in your--
What's in your
front right pocket?
[mumbling]
What's in your
front right pocket?
There is a gun?
All right.
Exactly what I thought.
You have a CWP?
All right.
Well, now you're under
arrest for unlawful carrying
of a pistol.
You understand?
Have a seat for me.
Can you get his information
and start running him, please?
Are you allowed
to have a firearm?
So you're going to be a
felon in possession, as well?
All right.
Sounds good.
You don't want to
talk to me at all?
Huh?
You want a lawyer?
OK.
Sounds good.
It's going to be a Bersa 380.
So we'll run the serial number.
Hopefully, it doesn't come
back stolen, but if it does,
then it's going to be
another charge for him.
He's out here just playing
around with the gun,
and shooting at stuff, and
shooting people's houses.
It's pretty dangerous, so we're
gonna nip that in the bud,
real quick.
We're going to go ahead
and take the projectile
and put it into evidence, and
let investigations process,
and see what they
can get from it,
and see if it's a
connection with the gun
that we found on
this individual.
We got him off the
streets, so you don't have
to worry about,
hopefully, nothing else
happening tonight, or any time--
Uh, no, ma'am.
He doesn't live here.
He doesn't live around here.
No.
So-- so--
Yes, ma'am.
In further investigation,
that pistol
is stolen from a business,
along with 11 other pistols
that are still outstanding.
So this individual
is being charged
with possession of a stolen
pistol and unlawful carry.
He also has a warrant out of
North Carolina for probation,
so he's going to be transferred
up to North Carolina
after these charges.